[Integration] [AWS] | Added support to choose specific regions to query resources from (#1099)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/aws/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.2.52 (2024-10-23)

### Improvements

- Added the option to query resources from specific regions, configurable via the regionPolicy in the selector field of the mapping.

> - Introduced `maximumConcurrentAccount` environment variable to control the maximum number of accounts synced concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `maximumConcurrentAccount` parameter to control the maximum number of accounts synced concurrently.
```
